+++
date = '2026-01-06T20:49:20+01:00'
title = 'About Me'

heading = 'About me'
content = 'Alicja is a vocalist and vocal coach based in Lodz, Poland, specialising in contemporary and rock vocal performance. She is a Level 3 Modern Vocal Training coach with several years of experience, working with singers at all levels, individually and in groups. Her teaching combines functional voice work with performance and artistic awareness. She blends vocal anatomy and physiology with psychological and expressive aspects of singing. Alicja is constantly improving her skills under the supervision of specialists from around the world, studying diverse approaches to voice and body at workshops and scientific conferences. Her additional professional training includes courses in music production and songwriting. Engaged in art since childhood, she began her music education by studying the violin before moving on to independent artistic projects. As a vocalist, dancer and actress, she has performed in theatre productions, concerts, and experimental art projects, collaborating with off-theatre institutions. Alongside her performance arts training, she holds a degree in Architecture. She was also a project manager of Light.Move.Festival - one of the largest outdoor cultural events in Poland. A dedicated practitioner of yoga and various forms of movement, she is particularly interested in integrating vocal expression with other artistic disciplines. Currently, Alicja is co-founding Ekstremalna Szkoła Wokalna (Extreme Vocal School) in Lodz, where she provides individual lessons. Moreover, she teaches vocal repertoire in high school theatre and dance classes, and continues to develop her own artistic work.'
button = 'Download PDF'
image = 'images/about/image.jpg'

video_url = 'https://www.youtube.com/embed/uinGXAnFpvw'

heading2 = 'Experience'
content2 = 'On the one hand, ll you need to do is say what you mean, in your words, in your voice. On the other, there are so many rules to consider! Are you thinking of keywords you should rank for? Are you including links in your text to additional information? Do those links refer back to your own website, which helps boost your SEO? Is what you’ve written easy to scan? There’s a theory that people read in an F-shape pattern, and that this should influence how you structure content on your website. Lots of ins and outs—it’s no wonder writers rule the world. On the one hand, all you need to do is say what you mean, in your words, in your voice. On the other, there are so many rules to consider! Are you thinking of keywords you should rank for? Are you including links in your text to additional information? Do those links refer back to your own website, which helps boost your SEO? Is what you’ve written easy to scan? There’s a theory that people read in an F-shape pattern, and that this should influence how you structure content on your website. Lots of ins and outs—it’s no wonder writers rule the world.'
+++
